

COPYRIGHT NOTICE

The entire contents of Public Domain Computer Programs for the
Aeronautical Engineer are Copyright (c) 1996-2007 by
Ralph L. Carmichael, all rights reserved, as a collective work
(compilation copyright) under the Copyright laws of the United
States of America.  Except as noted below, the copying, reproduction,
or publication of any part of the CD-ROM is prohibited, unless
expressly authorized by Public Domain Aeronautical Software.

A compilation copyright is granted when an organization lawfully
collects or acquires information and organizes it in a way that adds
value to the collection.  A compilation copyright grants to the owner
certain rights, such as the right to control further distribution of
the compilation of works.

The individual computer programs (both source code and executable) in 
this collection are specifically NOT copyrighted and are public domain 
by virtue of 
  1. being works of a government employee in the course of his official duties OR
  2. being works for public dissemination of a contractor to the U.S. government OR
  3. being contributed to the public domain by the original author

All added value to the programs contributed by Public Domain
Aeronautical Software is hereby donated to the public domain.
The instructions and sample cases are also declared to be in the
public domain and may be reproduced for classroom use as needed.


DISCLAIMER

Although many of the works contained herein were developed by U.S. 
national laboratories or their contractors, neither the U.S. Government 
nor Public Domain Aeronautical Software make any warranty as to the 
accuracy or appropriateness of the procedure to any application.

The programs and descriptions have been collected and reproduced
with great care and attention to accuracy, but no guarantee or 
warranty is implied.

All programs are offered AS IS and Public Domain Aeronautical Software
gives no express or implied warranty of any kind and any implied
warranties are disclaimed. Public Domain Aeronautical Software shall
not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential damages arising out of any use of this software.

In no case should the results of any computational scheme be used as
a substitute for sound engineering practice and judgement.
