HOW TO MAKE PLOTS FROM THE PROGRAMS IN THIS COLLECTION

Some of the programs (hlp, 3view, WaveDrag, naca456) in this
collection make files that are intended to be plotted. There is
not much uniformity in the way people make computer plots, so the
way this is done may evolve over time.

The files produced by all of these programs are tables of (x,y) pairs
written one pair per line, first x (horizontal dimension) and
then y (vertical dimension) separated by one or more blanks.
Each point is to be connected to the previous point by a straight line.
Whenever a blank line appears in the file, this indicates that the move
to the next point is invisible, as in a pen-up move.

There are numerous commercial, shareware, and freeware, as well as
home-written plotting packages on the market, and I cannot presume
to tell anyone to buy this or buy that. This format is simple
enough that I think it should be readable as a foreign file in
almost any package. I will recommend the package called gnuplot
since it is absolutely free, widely available, and functional on
just about every computer system in the world. The files produced
by the programs in this collection may be used by gnuplot without
modification. I have also supplied auxiliary programs nacaplot and 
printhlp that will read the generic plot files and produce files that 
may be sent to a PostScript printer or a Hewlett Packard compatible 
printer. This should include all of the laser printers and ink-jet 
printers on the market, but not dot-matrix printers. The HP compatible
printers must support PCL 5 or greater. This should be OK with any printer
made since 1988 or so. PCL 4 and earlier do not support HP-GL graphics
commands.

Gnuplot has its own Usenet group called comp.graphics.gnuplot and a
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) list that is posted periodically.
Gnuplot is a command line program and a file is plotted with a command 
such as
  gnuplot> plot "hlp.plt" with lines

If you wish to obtain gnuplot, go to the Gnuplot web page at
 http://www.gnuplot.info
for instructions on downloading a free copy of gnuplot.
If you have trouble reaching this link, go to
 http://www.gnuplot.vt.edu
